Added information on Journey randomized splits (#5449)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/journeys/step-types.md

A randomized split lets you experiment with and test the performance of a Journey's branches. When you create a randomized split, you add up to five Journey branches, each with a different step. Journeys then sends eligible users down one of the branches at random. Each branch receives a portion of the eligible users based on percentages that you assign to the branches.

> info ""

> > If the Journey has a re-entry condition, users will be joining the same split branches upon re-entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the Journey has a re-entry condition, users will join the same split branches upon re-entry.
```
